Update setup.md (#11318)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/performance/setup.md

- Identify outages of cloud provider regions and third-party tools.
- Troubleshoot faulty service discovery with DNS server metrics.

> Network performance monitoring requires [Datadog Agent v6.14+][1] as well as enabling the [Live Process](https://docs.datadoghq.com/infrastructure/process/) collection feature as described in this [installation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/infrastructure/process/?tab=linuxwindows#installation) section.

Reviewer: I don't think we should include this. This was only true for a few versions past 6.14, and live processes is a billed feature.

Author: Understood, I made changes and resubmitted.

## Setup

Given this tool's focus and strength is in analyzing traffic _between_ network endpoints and mapping network dependencies, it is recommended to install it on a meaningful subset of your infrastructure and a **_minimum of 2 hosts_** to maximize value. 

> - The DNS monitoring feature of NPM does not need any additional work to enable it except for Kubernetes where the `collectDNSStats:` parameter needs to be set to `true` in the values.yaml file or Helm chart.

Reviewer: This hasn't been true since helm chart 2.11.1 https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/pull/211/files

Author: Understood, I made changes and resubmitted.

  networkMonitoring:
      enabled: true
  ```

> to your values.yaml. **Helm chart version 2.4.39 or higher is required**. See the [Datadog Helm Chart][1] for further information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to your values.yaml. **Helm chart v2.4.39+ is required**. For more information, see the [Datadog Helm Chart documentation][1].
```
